### Summary of Project

- For this project, I used Blazor WASM. This is a technology I have been excited about and use for most of my personal and freelance projects. On a high level, I created a Wordle component that houses most of the functionality contained in the game. There is a relevant parent component (WordleTabsContainer) that is responsible for instantiating Wordle components based on the number of guesses allowed in the game (in this case 6). The project you see on Github was the result of my initial implementation of this app, with a few minor refactorings towards the end. Furthermore, I used Blazorise (a Blazor client library) to make the app mobile-friendly and generally modern-looking.

- I encountered a few design designs as I went along. The first one was talking to the Wordle Bot Api. To handle this, I created a service specific for talking to the Api (only one method needed in this case) and injected this into my component with Dependency Injection. I added error handling for errors returned from the Api and threw an exception with the message returned from the Api along with the status code. Since I decided to use tabs for each guess to make for a user-friendly experience, I added a WordleStateContianer to maintain the state of the current game. This allowed for my Wordle tab components to check for things like the current number of guesses from the bot and maintain a list of all previous guesses since the Api requires an array of all guesses made during the game. Lastly, to handle the clue inputs, I decided to use buttons. Each Wordle component maintains a dictionary of the clues for each of the 5 letters and the dictionary is updated when the user clicks a clue. This is the guess that is submitted to the Api. 
- Since this was meant to be a short project, I left off a few things that I would have liked to do. I would have liked to create a few unit tests for my classes. Additionally, I would have liked to add the ability for the user to go back to a previous tab and see what was submitted.
